our YouTube video again
tank today got a velvet mushroom I saw a
red color somewhere we're gonna meet him
get him in there so we I'm gonna use
normal acclamation method so I'm gonna
leave him the tank for about 15 minutes
in the back that the bag water raise to
the same temperature as the tank water
then I'm gonna start adding water slowly
into the bag so I can meet him like that
okay so it's been floating for about 15
minutes so I'm gonna start putting a bit
of my tank water in now every 10 15
years or so
so you see the levels of the parameters
in my tank rapid Earth
so I'm gonna do that another probably
four or five times now good luck to the
all open again
yeah capital kept them low in the tap
because you don't like too much light
and so I'm gonna keep them nice and low
and then hopefully in a few weeks I'll
be getting some portal polishes are
gonna pop up Midler tank so keep an eye
on it for that
you
after about three weeks one of the
mushroom heads as attached it's earth
gone in that cave so I'm going to try
and stick up somewhere else and
hopefully get a lot of Carly from that
so rate subscribe like all that stuff
and keep it out of the next video